Gosh, I'm a complete mess.
Is it because you want to impress me?
My gosh.
I also want to impress you, Ms. Jang.
My goodness.
Eu Ddeum, have you lost your mind?
What... What? Why?
You said you like me.
And I like you, too.
So I kissed you to help you muster up your courage.
What in the world? I can't believe this darn punk.
If you're drunk, you should go home...
and just quietly go to bed.
Hey! Get back here.
I'm sorry!
Unbelievable.
What the... Are you kidding me?
This must be some joke.
How dare he kiss me without my permission.
I haven't been kissed for 10 years!
10 years!
Why does it feel like it's been less than 10?
I felt very unpleasant afterward.
- About what? - Don't you remember?
What? My gosh!
No way.
Should I or shouldn't I read it?
Only a jerk would read it, right?
You wouldn't like it either if someone looked through your phone.
How about a peek?
Just a peek.
I can, right?
Let's take a look.
(Potential sperm donor no. 3: Han I Sang)
(Potential sperm donor no. 1: Choi Kang Eu Ddeum)
Do Ah, have fun with your friends at daycare, okay?
Off we go.
- Are you off to work? - Yes.
What are you up to this weekend?
Can you help me with Do Ah's birthday party?
I'm going to skip the party and just take photos.
Could you introduce me...
- to some good photo studios? - Sure.
We'll go shopping and stop for a nice meal.
Maybe your mom could babysit while we watch a movie.
- Sure. - Really?
There's no taking it back.
What movie should we watch?
A sweet romance movie sounds nice.
Sure.
- You don't hear me, do you? - Sure.
- Ha Ri! - What the...
What on earth is on your mind?
Didn't I tell you that a troubling man isn't worth it?
Don't even think about...
having eyes for only one single man.
Look around you...
and choose the guy that ticks all the boxes.
Here!
- What a sinner you are, too. - What?
What do you mean?
I was reborn, you know.
I no longer skip Do Ah's meals.
Isn't that right, Do Ah?
Don't you have gimbap in squared shapes?
Want one?
Ha Ri, why don't we go to lunch?
What good would eating do?
Why are you in a rotten mood?
We need to shake these hangovers.
Let's grab a bite to eat.
Let's get something with a nice broth.
Aren't you coming?
I guess I need fuel.
Gosh, that's good.
Ms. Jang, will you be the next...
editor-in-chief then?
Editor-in-chief Jang, what are your thoughts?
Will he sue me for this?
What? Did you say something about your soup?
A woman in her 30s who repeatedly...
kissed and harassed a man she knew...
was taken into police custody for questioning.
The victim reported...
that he's been suffering from a stress disorder.
Ms. Yoon, it's not common for a woman to have been arrested...
for sexual harassment.
That's right.
The woman justified her actions by saying...
how men are never offended by advances made by women.
I was surprised by her misguided notions.
What a sinner.
You're right about that.
What a nutjob.
- Hi, it's been a while. - Hello.
- Hi! - Hi, guys.
- All the tables are full. - We'll wait.
I'm done with my meal.
- You can sit here. - You barely touched it.
I said I'm done.
Ha Ri, who'll pay for this?
But I didn't bring my purse.
My gosh.
I didn't bring my purse either.
Gosh. I'd like to order!
Goodness. Oh, dear.
This can't be happening.
Ms. Jang.
I'm sorry about yesterday.
Why did you do it?
Because I heard you liked me.
You were talking to Ms. Park and...
So I gave you the wrong idea.
I'm sorry.
We were only talking about sperm donation.
No, please don't apologize. It's my fault.
It's all right. I don't have the right to judge you anyway.
I'm no different which is why I should just die.
Thank you, Ms. Jang!
(Episode 8: Maybe a Misunderstanding,)
(Maybe a Mix Up, Maybe Love?)
Mr. Han, over here.
- Mr. Yoon, over here! - Gosh.
Hi.
I see that Mr. Han is here too.
Is this a special occasion?
- We meet again. - Right.
He's rated with two stars.
He's rated with a triangle.
Brothers...
May I call you that?
- No. - Don't.
You said this was about Ha Ri, so go ahead.
You see, I made a huge mistake with Ms. Jang.
What kind of mistake?
I made a confession in the wrong way.
What confession did you make?
You must've done something wrong.
What is it? Did you borrow money you can't pay back?
I think I have feelings for Ms. Jang.
Hey, young man.
What's with the "I think"?
Saying I like her doesn't seem serious enough,
but saying I look up to her sounds too serious.
I think it's in the middle.
But why would you tell her that?
It's obvious she'll slap you silly.
I already did get hit.
But I want to do it properly. I was hoping to ask you two for advice.
We're something like allies, right?
No, we're not.
Actually, go for it.
Ha Ri likes the attention,
so plan a surprise for her in the heart of Myeongdong...
- so that everyone can see. - A surprise?
With a huge bouquet.
With a million flowers.
That's right. And...
you can't leave out singing and dancing.
Looking at you, I think...
- you should do some b-boying. - B-boying?
But the 2020 trend is the Bongsan mask dance.
It's big in Hongdae right now.
You know your stuff.
You should play an instrument too.
- The gong? - Castanets?
- Triangle? - The ajaeng.
Those are good too.
If you can, I recommend the saxophone.
That's great.
Brothers.
I majored in applied music and the sax.
That's good. A saxophone serenade.
There will be videos all across social media.
She'll be so happy.
You're a real romantic.
My shoulder... It hurts.
What if he looks good doing it?
I didn't think of that.
Ha Ri does fall for strange things at times.
- Eu Ddeum? - She'll like...
But just unilaterally telling someone you like them...
will make them feel awkward.
Especially someone like Ha Ri.
I know. I think...
she's only interested in me because I have a lot of sperm.
- You have a lot of what? - You have a lot?
Yes, like 10 times the norm.
What...
Does Ha Ri know that?
Yes. I said I'd give it to her, but she seems to be pondering about it.
So you are...
the legendary king of sperms?
That's why he had two stars.
Ms. Jang.
I have a question.
Which do you prefer between the Bongsan mask dance...
and b-boying?
Bongsan what?
I'm thinking of taking dance classes.
Which do you prefer?
Do what you like. I'm not a fan of either.
I see. You don't like either.
Why do I suddenly have goosebumps?
Ms. Jang.
Do you have a favorite song?
- Excuse me? - I want to practice singing.
What song do you like?
You should pick a song that you like.
I don't... Well...
What's this? I suddenly have the chills.
I'm so cold.
Are you going home?
If you had to choose between the alto sax and the soprano sax,
which would it be?
Eu Ddeum.
If you're planning something because you feel bad for me, don't.
I can't see anything right now.
I'm sorry. I felt like I made a huge mistake, so...
You should leave this place quickly.
- Pardon? - Go inside. Quickly.
Why does the back of my head suddenly sting?
Mr. Nam.
Isn't this Ms. Jang's?
I think so. It's been there since yesterday. She must have left it.
- Bring it to her. - Okay.
She won't find it then.
You've read Ms. Jang's column, right?
How will she get pregnant?
How would I know something you guys don't?
I think she has someone.
Then we should help.
Ha Ri is so clueless when it comes to seducing men.
Mr. Nam. Don't try to coach others on relationships.
I used to get a lot of attention from women back in the day.
Here we go with "back in the day."
You'll tell her to send a note...
to meet in front of the fountain.
I'm speechless.
Do you think I'm a college student from the 70s?
If you like someone, you should say so.
You should be straightforward.
No, no.
When you seduce someone, you don't make the move.
You make the other person make the move.
How?
Oh my gosh!
Seriously. You scared me.
- Gosh. - I'm sorry.
I've never watched others eat before.
Dong Ah, you slide down.
Bo Ram, and Soo Ah, you too.
Look at the photographer and smile, okay?
- Okay. - Good.
He said he'd be mean and cut me off.
But he doesn't have to glare at me as if he's going to kill me.
Subtly show the other person through your actions...
that you are interested in them.
Just enough to get their attention.
If you're too obvious about it,
it'll be counterproductive.
Okay, so... For the next cut,
she'll hang upside down. I want a playful expression.
Why don't you look at me when you talk? It bothers me.
Well, I feel awkward looking at you.
Are you trying to act pretty?
Why would I do that?
Putting my hair behind my ear?
You did that.
What...
How is this acting pretty?
I just put my hair back because it was in my face.
Look. How is this acting pretty? I was putting my hair back.
Why are you putting the moves on me...
so blatantly?
Don't do this.
What... Don't do what?
Was he traumatized?
I can't even touch my hair.
He must've felt unpleasant when I made the moves.
No wonder it didn't work.
It must have been very traumatizing.
He won't even let me look.
That was so spicy.
My tongue's burning.
She likes spicy foods.
Why is she...
When you talk, you need to whisper.
If you whisper,
the other person will naturally lean over to listen.
Then your face will become closer to theirs.
And that will make that person's heart flutter.
Gosh, why did I eat that?
Why are you whispering? Talk louder so I can hear you.
The chili pepper was too spicy.
Hey, why are you breathing like that?
Why... Why are you sucking on the candy?
Must you suck it like that?
Do you want one as well? I should've offered you one.
I'm sorry.
Here you go.
- Here's a candy. - No, it's okay. Stop.
Ms. Jang, if you keep doing that, things will get dangerous.
What...
Why would this put me in danger?
(Urologist, Moon Soo)
Dr. Moon.
I'm too healthy.
I personally think you're too ethical.
You know it won't do you any good if you keep holding it in.
Don't hold it in too much.
But I told you.
This woman wants kids.
I was marked with an "X",
- but I think I'm still a candidate. - What?
A triangle. I won't even ask for a star.
A triangle.
A triangle. That's all I ask for.
Is that not possible?
(Dachae Media)
Gosh, I need to learn how to b-boy and do the Bongsan mask dance.
(A saxophone serenade and video)
What is he so serious about?
Hyo Joo.
What are you doing?
It's nothing.
- Is that from the studio? - Yes.
Is it from Mr. Han?
No, he was on his way out.
Oh, I see.
- What's that? - Red ginseng.
I need some energy.
Ha Ri, you always give me tips,
so let me return the favor.
- In order to seduce a guy... - Hey.
Thank you.
What's this? Did she give me this to shut me up?
She quickly figured out that it wasn't worth listening.
What? What are you doing here? You don't have a shoot today.
I came to check the backdrop papers.
If it's not here, I need to prepare it.
- Are you going somewhere? - Oh, the hospital.
Is no one else in the studio?
I don't know where Mr. Han went.
Lock the door if no one's here.
Okay, see you.
I'll quickly check and leave.
Let's see if it's here.
No, not this.
Let me check.
What?
Why won't it move?
Oh, my gosh!
Gosh, I'm sorry. I mean, thank you.
I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
Yes, I'm okay.
- Hey, wait. - Yes?
I remember now.
Remember what?
That day, when we first met...
I remembered what I did that day.
I finally get why you said you felt unpleasant.
Right.
That's it?
What more do I need to say?
It's all in the past.
But you told me it felt unpleasant.
I mean, you could even sue me for that.
It wasn't that unpleasant for me...
to sue you.
Back then, I was very sensitive.
Yes.
But it did...
console me.
Then why are you being so complicated?
Back then, it was just a light feeling.
But that's not the case for both of us...
this time.
Although, it didn't last long.
Ms. Jang.
Did you really...
think of me as a man?
What?
Well, he's obviously a man.
Hey, it's time to go to work.
Gosh, what's his problem?
Do Ah, you like beef soup, don't you?
You'll get that for lunch today, so I hope you enjoy it.
There she is.
Hey, what kind of a normal guy in Korea...
would willingly donate their sperm to you?
Whoever offers it to you has got to be weird.
This is what Einstein said.
"Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age 18."
Don't speak as if what you think is common sense.
Some would've donated it for a good cause,
so don't speak ill of them.
I get what kind of situation you are in...
and how you must feel right now.
But do you really think this is realistically possible?
And of all people...
Why are you nagging at me...
even when I've offered to take Do Ah to the daycare center?
- What's your standard? - Standard for what?
What's your standard when choosing the right sperm?
It needs to be powerful enough to get me pregnant in one go.
How will you ever know that?
Do you have see-through vision? How are you going to tell?
I'm looking for a young, healthy guy who doesn't drink or smoke.
Is that Eu Ddeum?
- What? - Have you made up your mind?
By any chance, am I...
one of the candidates?
Would you donate yours to me?
What?
I'm quite conservative, you know.
Why would I give you mine...
when I could just marry you?
You're super annoying, you know that?
Let's just go, sister.
- You're the worst. - Seriously?
Why does she keep calling me that? Does she think I'm her sister?
Just you wait and see.
"Honey, sweetheart."
"My love."
That's what you'll soon call me.
"Artificial insemination"?
It's not impossible per se, but the odds can't be guaranteed.
Why would she think of that instead of getting married?
It must be easier for her to find sperm instead of a husband.
- As if it's that easier. - Tell me about it.
She thinks sperm donation is the same as donating blood.
Is she queer...
or is she just sick of men?
- Well... - I think I can tell.
Is she well-off?
- Well... - Then her chances are slim.
She could easily provide for a man on her own.
Also, she's incredibly beautiful and lovely.
Then what's her issue?
She doesn't have any.
For her, finding a sperm donor might be better...
than marrying some random guy.
Then what's the problem?
I'm torn to think of her marrying someone else.
But having another man's child?
It seems like something that can't be undone.
Why would you want to undo it? Do you want to date her yourself?
Then date her right now.
Is she too pretty to date or marry a single father who's divorced?
What's wrong with being divorced when I also have a sweet daughter?
She might think otherwise.
Right, well...
I'll see you around.
Sure.
Have you eaten?
I haven't. Care to join me?
Don't talk to me like nothing happened.
It makes me hate you even more.
Can we at least get together for Do Ah's first birthday photo?
She only gets to take it once.
- I should be in it. - Don't think about using her.
I won't ever agree to it.
Are you thinking about marrying Ha Ri?
It's been on my mind.
Ha Ri...
will be furious when she finds out that you're only using her...
to get back at me.
Promise to meet up for a meal sometime.
Yes, Ms. Choi.
Eu Ddeum, I asked you to send the products.
They're not here!
The model is on her way, so what now?
Yes, of course. I'll call you back.
What did they say?
That I didn't mention it. I thought I had though.
Are you kidding me?
The baby model is already on her way from Gyeongju!
I also have a photoshoot in Chuncheon...
so I need to hurry and go after this.
They agreed to call a nearby store,
so I'll bring over the products. Excuse me.
You don't even have a car. I'm coming with you!
Hurry up. Move!
Yes, this is The Baby.
Didn't the head office call?
Yes, products that were on display sounds fine.
Yes, I'll be right there.
- Get in. - Sure.
Hurry!
- Sorry about this. - Your belt.
If I have to book another model,
I'm going to call you every night just to torture you.
If I get an earful for rescheduling this photoshoot,
I'll nag you every morning until your ears bleed.
And, if Ha Ri scolds me for this,
I'll make you go shopping with me every weekend.
That I can do!
- What? - You can call me anytime.
I'll be your porter.
I won't make you just come shopping with me.
You'll also have to buy me lunch.
Yes, I'll buy. Even dessert.
It won't end there.
You'll have to treat me to a movie, too.
Sure thing. Tell me when there's a movie you want to see.
I'll get the tickets.
Good job!
Once more.
How pretty.
Great, smile!
(Jambi Studio)
I'm sorry.
I'll only let it slide this once.
You're still a newbie, so mistakes can be made.
But your personal life shouldn't distract you like this.
- Sorry? - Tell me what's on your mind.
Well...
It's nothing.
I don't think it's right for me to tell you.
It'll ruin my plan.
How do you want to say it then?
Instead of worrying about it alone,
discuss your options with me.
I'll pretend not to know anything.
Well, you see...
I'm trying...
to confess my feelings to someone.
No, I can't.
I can't.
- Eu Ddeum. - Yes?
Follow me.
(Han I Sang)
(The Baby Jang Ha Ri)
- Hello? - Are you at the studio?
Yes.
I think the infertile couple...
managed to conceive.
That's great news.
Isn't it?
Today's photoshoot will be them...
confirming it at the hospital.
They're worried about it being a false positive.
It's why we must make them feel as comfortable as possible.
Sure thing. I'll keep that in mind.
How will you get there?
It would be awkward to carpool, right?
I'll meet you at the hospital. I have other errands, you see.
Sure thing. I'll see you there.
Got it.
- Could I leave this with you? - Sure.
Did you really think of me as a man?
I heard that your blood test had good numbers.
I'm sure it's a positive.
We had three miscarriages...
and the procedure failed before,
so it feels like being optimistic might jinx it.
I shouldn't even talk about it like this.
There aren't any negative things you can say...
that'll subdue your true desires.
I'm sure it'll all work out.
Do you see the womb?
Congratulations. You really are pregnant.
Honey.
You did great.
Thank you.
- There we go. - Thank you.
- Congratulations. - Thank you.
I don't know yet.
I don't think I can relax until we pass the first trimester.
Let's just be happy today without thinking too much ahead.
I'll congratulate you too.
When did you prepare a gift?
Honey, look. The baby really will be this tiny, right?
I feel strange.
I have something for you too.
- This is a gift from me. - What is this?
I know it wasn't easy for me,
but I feel like it won't be easy for you either.
I succeeded, so take my energy.
Thank you. Yes...
Is that tiny thing the baby?
Yes. Isn't the baby handsome?
He or she will be very attractive.
You're right.
Since the baby was conceived with such desperation,
I bet it'll be pretty.
I can't tell you who it is.
Yes?
I did tell her that I liked her,
but I think I did it wrong.
I asked for advice on it too, but I don't think that's it either.
Have you never had a girlfriend before?
No. I've had girls ask me out all the time.
But this is my first time asking.
You must have had many girlfriends.
Yes.
But none of them lasted very long.
They all say they develop a temper once they go out with me.
I don't understand why.
I think I do.
Anyway, you must like her a lot.
So much that you want to ask her out for the first time.
The truth is...
I'm not sure.
I did fall for her, but I'm not sure if it's love.
I think we should go out first to figure it out.
How irresponsible. That's not right.
Is it wrong to ask someone out just because you want to go out?
You need to go out and have feelings develop...
for it to grow into love.
Well, if that's how you feel,
try asking her out.
Do as I say, and she'll say yes. Write it down.
Okay.
- Okay. - A candlelit path.
"A candlelit path."
Make a heart with flowers and stand in the middle of it.
"Make a heart with flowers..."
Don't do stuff like that.
What? Don't women like things like this?
How are you going to turn off all of the candles?
I'd get lightheaded.
I especially hate doing it in public in front of a lot of people.
I absolutely hate that.
But I was told to do it in front of a lot of people.
Those guys... Seriously.
Then what should I do?
You don't need any of that.
A ring is all you need.
Cartior.
"Cartior"?
The one and only love.
Each ring has a serial number,
so mine is the only one in the entire world.
What's the use of words?
The ring itself speaks, "You're the only one".
- "Cartior"? - Cartior.
The heart ring.
(Cartior)
2,500 dollars?
A ring is meaningful.
Women don't necessarily like it because it's high-end,
but women want to be their man's one and only love.
She wants you to promise that.
Promise.
That's a month's salary.
I'm 250 percent sure she'll say yes to that.
It would fit right there.
Do I finally get a ring?
- Okay. Here we are. - What is this?
I just want her to have a comfortable life.
What use is success?
Having an exciting life is the best.
But if I could have my pick, I'd say this.
- I hope she picks this. - Why would you want that?
- She's my daughter. - Never going hungry is the best.
- You're no better. - What do you mean?
- Health is the best. - Health. Yes.
This one. This, Do Ah.
- That's money. - Goodness.
Where will you do the doljabi ceremony?
At the photography studio.
Did you order the first birthday rice cake?
Do I need one?
What will you dress her in?
This is pretty.
- He isn't prepared at all. - Goodness.
Okay.
This is pretty too.
Isn't it pretty?
The studio will lend me everything.
What if there's nothing that looks good on her?
Then I'll have her wear her own clothes.
What, long johns?
Is that bad?
Seriously...
Her first birthday pictures will stay with her forever.
She should look pretty.
Here. This looks good on her.
How pretty.
You ugly thing.
- Are you insane? - You don't usually,
but you look really ugly today.
Are you trying to start a fight? Here? Come at me.
Stop it. You look even uglier.
Check out.
You lunatic. Wait here. You little...
- Give me that. - It's okay. It's not heavy.
Why are you acting differently?
Give it to me.
It's okay. What's wrong with you?
Just push the stroller.
If you made a 50-dollar purchase,
you get a 100-dollar restaurant voucher.
Do winners get picked by a lottery or something?
No. All we need is a receipt showing the purchase...
and confirmation that you're a family.
- Honey, do you have the receipt? - Yes.
You have it, sweetie? Good.
You don't need a copy of our family registry, do you?
Put down your number,
and take the voucher, and come back with a family of four.
- You fill it out, sweetie. - Shall I?
Okay, honey.
Okay.
They're not married.
Are you seriously committing fraud just for free food?
Okay. That's right.
There.
Do you want to try this?
Give me Do Ah, and eat.
Do Ah, come to Daddy.
There, there. Gosh.
Do Ah, I can't use my hands because of you.
Yes, you can. You have two hands.
I can't use my hands right now and I'm starving.
Yummy.
Don't try so hard, Mr. Han.
I don't think you're it either.
Unless you have something to defeat the king.
What are you babbling about?
He's buying us food.
Mr. Han knows too.
Eu Ddeum confessed to both of us that he's the king.
He must know since he read your column.
Furthermore, she's not interested in men.
Her objective is something else.
- I know. - Great.
But...
will things change if I'm not her first option?
(Workshops Available)
"Leather craft."
I've never tried that.
Ha Ri.
Can you tell me the baby model's mother's phone number?
Oh, sure. Just a second.
Let me see.
So Yoon, did you say you saw my diary...
at Jambi Studio?
Yes, it was on the table in the far corner.
You read my diary, didn't you?
Why didn't you just get angry at me?
You gave me five stars for my personality,
so why would I get angry?
You should've gotten angry at me...
so I could apologize.
I'm sorry for judging you like that.
I know I shouldn't have graded you.
But I had no expectations for men.
But I didn't think of you as nothing but a tool.
I just thought...
the three of you might...
understand and help me.
Even if you apologize and make things better,
there's nothing I can do to help.
That's why I didn't get angry at you.
I know.
My point is,
I couldn't answer your question because I didn't understand...
what you meant when you asked me if I thought of you as a man.
I was worried I might make a mistake again.
There's no intention behind this.
But now,
I do have feelings for you.
- Ms. Jang. - You can tell me...
once you can solely focus on your feelings.
Otherwise, you'll end up losing me.
Can't you just give in?
You know you have feelings for her.
You should be honest about how you feel at times.
You can't hide your emotions.
I know I'm being a coward.
But unfortunately,
Ms. Jang and I are hopeless.
I don't like kids.
But she's trying so hard to have a baby.
It's not about yielding to one another.
We just...
want different things in life.
Life isn't a cab. It doesn't always go the way you want it to.
I guess you've shut the doors to your heart after the last breakup.
But it's all in the past now.
Just do what your heart tells you.
Just follow where it leads you to.
I also want to follow my heart...
and just hold your hand...
like all the other couples do, Ms. Jang.
I wanted to get swayed and get closer to you...
as if it were a mistake.
I also wanted to hold your hand.
I closed my heart because I didn't want to get hurt.
It's us grown-ups who really need compliments.
Good job, Mr. Han.
(Good job!)
Don't cry.
My heart ached...
when I saw you cry...
like a little child.
And to be honest, when we first met,
I was determined not to fall in love again,
but you totally made me forget about that.
Just like you,
I also want to be happy.
And just like you,
I want to be honest about how I feel.
But I've been through enough to know...
that it's not just me who ends up getting hurt.
The other person gets hurt as well.
You may have entered my heart...
and stirred me up like this.
But all I need to do is just ignore it.
I just need to make sure...
my heart doesn't flutter again.
Why do we keep running into each other?
Why do you keep...
showing up like this?
It truly is a coincidence.
Good night, then.
How can...
you be this beautiful?
And what if I'm beautiful?
What comes next?
(Oh My Baby)
Is your pregnancy project...
finally over then?
Don't you think it's too soon to mention that after day one?
Ms. Jang, can I see your hand?
- Ta-da! - What are you doing?
I don't like that you're dating him!
I waited 10 years for a love like this.
Ha Ri won't see you again if she knows what you're up to.
There's something I wanted to share with you.
But I don't think I can give it to you.